
								Disclaimer															
								As of the date of this guide being published, beating the AI on the hardest difficulty won't count towards all previous achievement and to their respective difficulties.
If you beat it on 'Insane' difficulty, like myself, you will not unlock anything prior to 'Insane'.
As such, you will need to beat each difficulty level separately. 								
								Set Up															
								If you want to rush these achievements, select the map 'Abandon All Hope (2)'
1) Set your army as the Orks and your opponent as the Necrons.
Orks will be solely used for the Big Mek as their teleport ability will be used to rush the enemy to beat them on the easier difficulties.
The harder difficulties will use their HQ to hide and protect their commander.
Instead, we shall use their numbers to overwhelm the enemy commander.
Whilst the Necrons can be tough, they will be the best choice for their slow start which we will exploit.
The Necron Lord is resistant/immune to knockdown, which will help speed up the process in order to avoid you running after them every time they are thrown back.
2) Set the game mode to 'Assassinate' - the sole objective of this game mode will be to kill the enemy commander before they kill yours.
This game mode will be the quickest method to rush these achievements.
Alternately, you can always use 'Sudden Death' to capture a enemy strategic point from them instead.
For the remaining rules for the skirmish, use the following game rules as shown within the provided screenshot; with the exception of:
- Adjusting the difficulty rating accordingly for the desired achievement.
- The starting location does not matter when using the map mentioned above, due to it's small map size.
								Strategy															
Easy to Hard:
For this, you can just send your Big Mek commander to teleport to the enemy HQ and solely focus on their enemy commander. It may take a few tries; especially on 'Hard'.
You should be able to rush and scrape by using this method. This will be solely RNG so don't fret if it takes a few attempts.
When it does succeed, it can be normally be done within a minute or two; based on my experience.
If for whatever reason RNG fails you, follow the instructions below.
The example shown below was on standard difficulty:
Harder to Insane difficulty:
For this, you will need to prepare a base. Just like any other skirmish battle, capture the nearby strategic points and build up your base. No need to build anything fancy; just enough for you to establish a foothold to support your army. In this case, Slugga Boyz and maybe a few Shoota Boyz.
For me, I just spammed some 'Waaagh Banners', 'Da Boyz Hut' as well as a 'Pile O Gunz'.
You can build all of the structures within their army, in order to get an additional achievement to build all of the structures with the army you are playing as.
(Thermo Generator is not needed for this achievement TBC)
The 'Pile O Gunz!', whilst not essential, can help further support your troops when you tackle the AI on the harder difficulties when you rush for these achievements.
Once you've established your beachhead and built a small army, you can now charge towards the enemy commander and solely focus your attack on them.
The example shown below is of a base that I cobbed together, compared to the enemy on 'Hard Difficulty'.
								Final Notes & Other Achievements															
								I hope that this quick, cobbled-together guide will help you gain the achievements as well as some additional ones along the way.
And remember:
"Knowledge is power, guard it well."
Credit to:
MrMonkeyMan6669 (Xbox aka my brother) for assisting with the grammar checks as I am awful with grammar.
Whilst he maybe a Grammar Heretical Librarian, I could have not made this guide without his help.								
