Community accounts of beating the Impossible AI, pasted by Austin from Steam
discussions (captured 2026-08-04, multiple authors, dates visible where the
paste kept them — one post stamped Nov 16, 2021).

VERBATIM PASTE FOLLOWS
======================

So if you're talking about the Lava Maze 4 player skirmish map, then if you
start north west (default start for player 1) there's one extractor in your
base, one direct east, and two east and south. The two extractors in the
south east (actually middle of the map) look like you can take them, but I
wasn't able to hold them due to getting hit from both sides by blue and red.
Instead, you should concentrate your defense around the one extractor direct
east and the one in your main base. Two T3 guns, some T2 AA turrets, some T2
arty turrets, four repair bays and some laser shields in each of those two
zones should give you time to eco up with fabricators and then you should
push out fairly soon to clear the middle. I used 2 Flame mechs and 5 Plasma
with 2 Mech Engineers to push just as far as middle and kill the enemy
extractors.

After that you can mop up however you want. I pulled back my mechs to repair
and built a few Experimental Spiders. The early game is the hard part so
getting a T3 turret at the extractor to the east before overclocking an
extractor is definitely recommended. Also, be sure to clear out middle even
if you can't hold it, as the AI's resource multiplier is insane, and
knocking out two T3 extractors sets them back a fair bit.

There's probably a more aggressive way to play this, but this works 100% as
I was able to win even after losing quite a lot of resources trying to hold
the middle.

[Orange, Nov 16, 2021]
Impossible AI gets amounts of money, don't feel bad if you can't beat it. In
my experience beating impossible AI takes strategy that isn't applicable to
humans - mainly heavily fortifying chokepoints and doing very bite-and-hold
heavy style attacking and defending. Humans will circumvent strong defense
points and try and counter your tactics that work against the AI.

Against humans in multiplayer, it is a battle of speed and resources. Think
about everything in terms of cost efficiency - is the money you spend worth
it? Is this 1200 turret upgrade going to kill 1200 or more in enemy units?
Will upgrading this extractor pay off before the game is over?

Pay attention to the battles you lose. What did you lose to? How did you
lose? Try and replicate those things.

[link pasted: https://youtu.be/9MDkUE0JJ-M]

I mean, turtle up and eco.

If you don't wanna be lame though, here's my general advice:
- use units that can get value then disengage for repairs
- be hyper-aggressive early. Do not allow an excessive eco advantage.
- try to rush a t3 turret somewhere strong
- if AI FFA, it is crucial to constantly apply pressure on different
  opponents and make sure no AI gets too strong. If they keep eachother in
  stalemate, you have a better chance.

just go naval
ai doesnt know how to combat submarines.

t2 artillery mixed with t3 Gun turrets make short work of them.

T2 towers mixed with laser defense and repair stations. I mostly turtle and
slowly build up my eco to match their cheating eco.

[long post, abridged only by the paste itself]
Your income and cash is more than enough to beat this map 5x over...
- like you can have like 4, 6 or more battleships and a carrier...
- You can grab a flying fortress, 2 exp tanks and a Shield hover... using
  combat engis or basic builders spamming repair bays to keep the extanks
  alive...
- or just use a single spooder... spider turret spam combo and slowly spam
  and turret push...
Then again 2 mill is enough to fund 6 to 10 or more launchers and the enemy
generally forget to fill their anti nukes...

Letting impossible AI expand on large maps in favor of trying to out-eco
them is a very poor decision. You can't out-eco impossible ai.

And it really doesn't matter if the AI is making even infinite eco if they
can't even get their army comp straight. Like the only 3 units you should be
cautious around is the shield hover, flying Fort, and the carrier... The AI
just throw units at you at random and a good turret wall can counter
practically everything in game... bring a builder or 2 to the frontlines and
start building things like repair bays and Lazer shields on mass.

...the AI love using attack move meaning they always stop to fight the thing
right in front of them meaning once they see a wall of turrets they just
stand there until they or the wall dies and like 1 t3 turret as far as I can
remember can solo most ground units in game now imagine a wall of them (same
goes for arty) and 4 Sam's can counter a fire bee just fine with some repair
bay support, 4t3 Sam's just delete all air units and AI flying fort control
is terrible really and if you place them next to water, cliffs or lava and
they don't have anywhere close to land they can never land any armys.

Nah in fact I'd say somewhat underprepped. Like your first instinct against
any AI is to cut off all choke points and points of interest... doing the
good ol turret wall strat... Flying fortresses and shielded hovers are your
only Achilles heels and they are a general breeze to counter really.

...you need to learn on how to be more aggressive my guy... push your turret
lines closer to the shore since it's easier to deal with dropships...
